In the future, Qiu Yuan will marry me to accept the hukou
How did I give birth to such a good and evil silly son as you?
If you can seduce my son, you will secretly enjoy it
Don't wait until you get married to volunteer for a green card
It seems that Auntie doesn't care
What do your parents do?
My mom died early
My dad is a real estate professional
Looks like your dad moved bricks on the construction site
Is the president of the largest real estate company in the country
Yeah. Didn't your dad do real estate?
Tens of millions a day
He just made it up to climb you
I can tell you about the coolie who moves bricks on the construction site
It's hard to earn 100 a day
Auntie, I'm not lying.
and
Our love has nothing to do with what our parents do.
How irrelevant
My son, only child.
Graduated from a famous university in the city
Now I have my own company
Then marrying you is like helping the poor
Mom, say less
It's his silly son
You're going to take this tofu ping home
You don't think about your mother's feelings anymore
It's Qiuyan
We were in different places before.
You said you were returning to China.
In fact, he went back to the countryside
Why are you acting big?
- I'm not lying.
Our love has nothing to do with money
Love without material things is a mess of sand
Qiuyan, don't be too naive.
Zhiyuan, do you regret being with me?
I can't help it if you think so.
Who is it? Your daughter-in-law is here.
Auntie, you are late.